Template for the letter to send out (#20)
datalad/datalad-paper-joss: email-template.txt

To: {name} <{email}>
From: DataLad Team <team@datalad.org>
Subject: Invitation to co-author a DataLad paper for JOSS

Dear {name},

Thank you for your previous contribution to DataLad (https://github.com/datalad/datalad), by code, issues, or feedback.

We are working on a manuscript to be submitted to the Journal of Open Source Software (https://joss.theoj.org) to describe DataLad, and would like to acknowledge your contribution(s).  We are inviting you to co-author the paper, or, alternatively, give us permission to thank you in the Acknowledgements section of the paper.

> If you would like to co-author the paper, please review the authorship criteria of JOSS at https://joss.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submitting.html#authorship and pay particular attention to potential implications of the "co-authors agree to be accountable for all aspects of the work" rule. If you personally consider a co-authorship appropriate under these conditions, please submit a Pull Request with your details (name, ORCID, affiliation) added or changed (e.g. name) to the precreated record in the header of the https://github.com/datalad/datalad-paper-joss/blob/master/paper.md . Records with blank orcid and affiliation will be dropped from the final version of the manuscript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to co-author the paper, please review the authorship criteria of JOSS at https://joss.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submitting.html#authorship and pay particular attention to potential implications of the "co-authors agree to be accountable for all aspects of the work" rule. If you personally consider a co-authorship appropriate under these conditions, please submit a Pull Request with your details (name, ORCID, affiliation) added or changed (e.g. name) to the precreated record in the header of the https://github.com/datalad/datalad-paper-joss/blob/master/paper.md. Records with blank orcid and affiliation will be dropped from the final version of the manuscript.
```

Author: I typically add a space in such cases, so cut/pasting url from terminal is easier -- double-click might select that trailing `.` along with the url if it is not separated out

> If you would like to just be acknowledged, please either reply to this email stating that, or submit a PR with your name appropriately listed in the Acknowledgements section of the https://github.com/datalad/datalad-paper-joss/blob/master/paper.md and instead remove pre-created for you record in the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to just be acknowledged, please either reply to this email stating that, or submit a PR with your name appropriately listed in the Acknowledgements section of https://github.com/datalad/datalad-paper-joss/blob/master/paper.md and remove the pre-created record with your name from the header.
```

Author: now that we have it all more of opt-in, I will accept the suggestion and will remove the trailing statement.

If you would like to neither be listed among co-authors, nor acknowledged, we would appreciate if you reply and let us know about that.

> We are planing to submit manuscript next week (on/after April 12), and will appreciate if you act on this invitation by the end of this week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are planing to submit the manuscript next week (on/after April 12), and will appreciate if you act on this invitation by the end of this week.
```

To: {name} <{email}>
From: DataLad Team <team@datalad.org>
Subject: Invitation to co-author a DataLad paper for JOSS

Dear {name},

Thank you for your previous contribution to DataLad (https://github.com/datalad/datalad), by code, issues, or feedback.

> We are working on a manuscript to be submitted to JOSS (https://joss.theoj.org) to describe DataLad, and would like to acknowledge your contribution(s).  We are inviting you to co-author the paper, or, alternatively, give us permission to thank you in the Acknowledgements section of the paper.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are working on a manuscript to be submitted to the Journal of Open Source Software (https://joss.theoj.org) to describe DataLad, and would like to acknowledge your contribution(s).  We are inviting you to co-author the paper, or, alternatively, give us permission to thank you in the Acknowledgements section of the paper.
```

To: {name} <{email}>
From: DataLad Team <team@datalad.org>
Subject: Invitation to co-author a DataLad paper for JOSS

Dear {name},

Thank you for your previous contribution to DataLad (https://github.com/datalad/datalad), by code, issues, or feedback.

We are working on a manuscript to be submitted to the Journal of Open Source Software (https://joss.theoj.org) to describe DataLad, and would like to acknowledge your contribution(s).  We are inviting you to co-author the paper, or, alternatively, give us permission to thank you in the Acknowledgements section of the paper.

If you would like to co-author the paper, please review the authorship criteria of JOSS at https://joss.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submitting.html#authorship and pay particular attention to potential implications of the "co-authors agree to be accountable for all aspects of the work" rule. If you personally consider a co-authorship appropriate under these conditions, please submit a Pull Request with changes to http://github.com/datalad/datalad-paper-joss/blob/master/paper.md in which you

- uncomment (remove leading #) your record
- add your details (name, ORCID, affiliation) and/or adjust your name (if needed).

> If you would like to just be acknowledged, please either reply to this email stating that, or submit a PR with your name appropriately listed in the Acknowledgements section of https://github.com/datalad/datalad-paper-joss/blob/master/paper.md and remove the pre-created record with your name from the header.

Author: attn @adswa or may be I will keep it as is -- would make things clearer so we do not later need to catch whom we forgot by matching the lists.

Author: Resolve upon reading ;)

> To: {email}

Author: ```suggestion
To: {name} <{email}>
```

From: DataLad Team <team@datalad.org>

> Subject: An invitation to "participate" in the DataLad JOSS paper

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Subject: Invitation to co-author a DataLad paper for JOSS
```

Why not say it like it is?

Dear {name},

> Thank you for your (as in code, issues, feedback) contribution to DataLad (https://github.com/datalad/datalad).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Thank you for your previous contribution to DataLad (https://github.com/datalad/datalad), by code, issues, or feedback.
```

> Thank you for your previous contribution to DataLad (https://github.com/datalad/datalad), by code, issues, or feedback.
> We are working on a manuscript to be submitted to JOSS (https://joss.theoj.org) to describe DataLad, and would like to

Author: ```suggestion
Thank you for your previous contribution to DataLad (https://githu.com/datalad/datalad), by code, issues, or feedback.
We are working on a manuscript to be submitted to JOSS (https//joss.theoj.org) to describe DataLad, and would like to
```

> acknowledge your contribution(s).  We are inviting your to co-author the paper, or at least give us a chance to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
acknowledge your contribution(s).  We are inviting you to co-author the paper, or, alternatively, give us permission to
```

> Thank you in the Acknowledgements section of the paper.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
thank you in the Acknowledgements section of the paper.
```

> If you would like to co-author the paper, please submit a Pull Request with your details (name, ORCID, affiliation)

Author: @mih if you could suggest a diplomatic wording about responsibilities of the co-author, would be appreciated. Otherwise I will try tomorrow

Author: Thank you!

> If you would like to co-author the paper, please submit a Pull Request with your details (name, ORCID, affiliation)
> added to the header of the https://github.com/datalad/datalad-paper-joss/blob/master/paper.md file after the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you would like to co-author the paper, please review the authorship criteria of JOSS at https://joss.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submitting.html#authorship and pay particular attention to potential implications of the "co-authors agree to be accountable for all aspects of the work" rule. If you personally consider a co-authorship appropriate under these conditions, please submit a Pull Request with your details (name, ORCID, affiliation)
added to the header of the https://github.com/datalad/datalad-paper-joss/blob/master/paper.md file after
```

# Add additional authors here

If you would like to just be acknowledged, please either reply to this email stating that, or submit a PR with

> your name appropriately listed in the Acknowledgements section of the https://github
> .com/datalad/datalad-paper-joss/blob/master/paper.md .

Author: ```suggestion
your name appropriately listed in the Acknowledgements section of the 
https://github.com/datalad/datalad-paper-joss/blob/master/paper.md .
```
